hi guys one of the most common questions
I get asked is what is your favorite
dish and one of my favorite dishes has
to be a pad thai one of those beautiful
noodle dishes bursting with aromatic
flavors and it's one of those classic
Thai dishes that has just become
worldwide famous so I'm going to show
you how to make it it is so snappy so
quick three garlic cloves go into a
pestle and mortar we're gonna chop up a
chili you want to take anchor seeds do
but I like it with lots of spice
so get your one red chili in there I'm
talking of that Chi and ER come over
here come over and have a look cuz in
the base here you see all those little
curry under roots you want to use them
because they're so full of flavor a lot
of people throw them away
see all those full of flavor give them a
good smell they are the most aromatic
beautiful smell you will ever get so rip
up some of that and now I'm gonna use
the juice and the zest of two line but
the minute you start grating this on
your little microplane grater the smell
is so so fragrant it's kind of like
summer mojitos oh lord that smell right
loads of lime zest bash it bash the
bejesus out of us
okay look in here this is where the
magic SAP if you want a good plaid fire
you have got to get this paste right so
get this right and you are onto a winner
right to get that wok nice and hot get
some sunflower oil in here and just a
good tablespoon or so and you want it to
be smoking don't be afraid of the sizzle
factor okay you want to swirl that
around the sides like this and then get
that beautiful paste straight in there
it's gonna fit it's gonna buzz it's
gonna do all those wonderful things it's
gonna spit you just need to stand back
okay
you spread it around the base of the pan
let that aromatic flavor rock you're in
the kitchen and what you could get is
that wonderful Wow to smell up your nose
and my fire alarm is probably going to
go off but we'll stick with is okay as
soon as it starts to become aromatic get
your rest of your ingredients in there
we've got some prawns they're gonna fry
off we've got some bean sprouts and
we've got a good handful of those spring
onions going in here as well give it a
mix through in on top of that we've got
some lovely noodles lovely rice noodles
really
that you get rice noodles here there it
kind of beyond Penta Kwan's you need to
get in with your lime juice straight in
with the juice of two limes in with some
brown sugar really important with these
Asian dishes that you get that sweetness
the saltiness the sourness and with a
swather sorry the chili is hitting the
back of my nose
well that saltiness we're gonna get some
fish sauce in there now I'm going to
grab my favorite kitchen utensil why
aardvark hands get them in there mix it
through if you like the look of this
recipe and you think you want to give it
a go the recipe of course is in the box
below and if you like to see more of
these sorts of recipes make sure to
subscribe as well it's looking pretty
good but it's not done yet
so what I'm going to grab is two lovely
free-range eggs crack them in here give
them a good mix through so straight into
the center just slowly break them into
the bottom of the pan sorry the lads are
choking wait I just stopped to cameraman
who now Lola no longer have the use of
their lungs y'all right lads okay yeah
yeah okay great we keep going we keep
going
you guys want their pad thai okay look
at this it starts to cook through and it
becomes really beautifully thick and
gloopy and tasty and just the way your
pad eye should be noodles done it's time
to serve up grab some of that lovely
noodles
spread them onto your dish like this add
some crunch from our bean sprouts on top
grab a good handful of these lovely
coriander leaves and now for the crunch
factor a little bit of salted peanuts
over the top here
finally I lit my entree define I'm not
done yet get a bit of spring onion
action on the top now finally a last
sliver of lime wedge over the top just
to give a nice squeeze of that last bit
of lime juice in there wonderful
freshness stick it in there and load
yourself to give a nice final squeeze
over the top root aful how good does
that look
ladies and gentlemen fantastic pad thai
how good does that look
if you want the recipe it's on my
website and of course subscribe like
share I'm on twitter facebook instagram
you'll see it all there but now what I
need to do is
try this I'm going to dig in here just
get someone off the lowly noodles at the
back I love you chunky bits and you get
off on the fork oh so good when I used
to travel in Thailand this was one of my
favourite dishes you get it everywhere
but making it at home is so easy and I
want you to give it a go very very
simple to make the recipes down in the
box below leave a comment and let me
know what you think